banner: assets/kgi.jpg

*The following is a piece I wrote for expository writing. I'm quite proud of it so I thought to preserve it by uploading it here. Note that a lot of it is heavily exagerrated (I'm completely sane, I promise).*

## Why Still Art?
I’ve been cursed. Ever since I was a kid, I’ve been lost in my head. Drowning. Buried in ideas and concepts. My mind rages on like a relentless river, eroding my mental state and carving a path to insanity. I can never seem to focus in class or even think straight in conversation. My thoughts constantly berate me. Others have said it's a gift to be so “creative,” so “full of ideas.” But it's hardly a gift. A curse is what I would call it. For I am a rich man who cannot spend. I’ve been trapped in the cage of my mind, forced to grapple with the endless products of my imagination. I have no escape. No outlet. 

At least that was the case until I found art, the key to my prison. It has become my one refuge from this nightmare by providing a vast sandbox; it’s somewhere I can explore and tackle hordes of inspiration with no limits or bounds.  A place where I’ve been equipped with the power to materialize entire civilizations, fabricate stories that stretch millenia, and cultivate concepts with no resemblance of grounding in reality. It's a medium like no other. With it, I can capture and expel the ravenous beasts that ravage my mind.  No other weapon can as efficiently encapsulate and expel these ideas exactly as I see them, in their truest form. Any medium other than the visual would be a half-measure, their being still persisting in my mind. Any other medium would be a mercy. Art has become my sacred warden and the only thing keeping me from mental ruin. 

This may seem great. That’s what I thought too. Once, I even believed it to be my guardian angel. I’d thought I’d finally found the perfect cure to my ailment. I was wrong. Unbenknownest to me when I began the dosage, this cure is riddled with its own side effects. And now it's too late. The inherent nature of art and the immense potential it holds to depict notions of thought and the mathematically infinite way in which it can represent concepts is the greatest strength it possesses against my mind. However, this strength is also the remedy’s biggest weakness.  As I execute more and more exhaustive renditions of that which my brain produces, it ups the ante. It adapts and churns out even more. Even more vivid and detailed and abstract concepts. Each beast is more ferocious than the last, and each one’s hunger even more insatiable. To match this, I must practice and hone my art. I must improve to deliver on the demands of my mind. But my mind is too demanding and art is too deep. I can barely keep up. But I have no other choice. Keep up or be consumed by the current. 

I’m condemned to push this boulder up an endless hill. And I’m condemned to open every last one of these doors, all while knowing there's probably just another one that lies beyond. Even at the end of my life, with all the keys art can give me, they still won’t be enough. I’ll never be able to reach that final door—the door that stands between me and salvation. My haven has become its own kind of purgatory. My savior, just another captor. 

But just like Sisyphus, I’ve found joy in my prison. I’ve come to love visual art as a medium. Its products are unconcerned with story but simply exist as ultra-efficient explorations of ideas. In a life of such complexity it's the one thing that remains simple and constant. It asks nothing of me in its interpretation and remains definitive in its depictions. Its power is unresolving and unyielding. 

Few other mediums can so elegantly and wholly capture the beauty of the world we live in. Visual art is uniquely able to forever preserve those fleeting beautiful moments. It's our means of escaping the passage of time. Art truly is like no other. Nothing escapes its eyes. And that’s why the doors that lie beyond me are gates of opportunity, ambiguity that excites me. And the knowledge of an ever present obstacle and opportunity for growth is one that motivates me to keep going.

So now you know. Why art? Why do I still continue? Because that’s all I can do. And I wouldn’t have it any other way. 
