banner: assets/akasha.jpg

## The Form
*This is a trailer for the program meant to depict the form of the program in an abstract manner. Let yourself be swept up by your imagination and let go of all preconceived notions.*

You open your eyes. What was once dark is light and one blindness replaces the other. You adjust though. You start to see these things occupy the foreground. They ooze, they pulse. And to a mere mortal like I, you can only express that which you see as raw knowledge taken form. What I'd know as letters and words. As time passes though, it seems as if the knowledge itself morphs and warps. The letters that comprise it crumble and reassemble in new forms. Letters jump and gravitate, almost engaged in a kind of tango with one another. One overlaps another, blurring into the last, altogether forming almost a haze of distant and close moving characters. The components of knowledge accumulating and shifting. Even individually, they possess an almost ethereal quality, what with their translucent body and aquamarine tint. A beautiful tint. One that seems to pulse hues of green and purple periodically. The edges of those in your peripheral even guilty of experiencing aberrations of incredible, saturated pink and yellow. It's unclear where one letter ends and another starts. And that's if they remain still long enough to be examined. They move slow but constantly, in perpetual motion, their movements too sporadic to track and their destinations too difficult to tell.

So entranced by the swirling shapes, you only just realize they've been mimicking your thoughts. It's you who drives their movement. Them just a representation of that which exists in your mind. With the command of a single cognitive instruction they suddenly snap into place. Letters jump out of the path of other letters as they appear from the fog. Almost instantly a word is formed. Having reached their final destination, the letters slow to almost a standstill. Their surrounding brethren too slow their movement, reducing to a slow swirl around the word, staying close enough but hesitating to approach. They remind you of spectators gathering around a spectacle.

With a slight change to your thought the string rearranges itself: the letters on the end gently detach themselves from the word and swirl off into the jumble that surrounds them. New letters seemingly fade into existence, swiftly taking the place of their predecessor. 

A few idle seconds pass, and without your indication, the scenery begins to change. That which was light becomes once again dark and the ethereal the brooding. A static emptiness has taken the place of the magnificent swirling imagery. All that remains is the word. But it seems to be different. There's now this murky ink like barrier containing it. The letters themselves seem like mirages, not really there. Where once the radiating letters intermingled and dispersed amongst your vision, they are now contained, more static and grounded than ever. The movement too is different. Their movement now seems to be more unified, no longer seperate. Movement akin to... life? All along, It's almost as if the letters were seeking a destination and by commanding a representation of your knowledge, they had found that destination. Together they assembled, and once satisfied, they took form in flesh and blood. They channeled their existance into the material and spawned a prokaryote of sorts, its soul the very knowledge you composed. You the harbinger of not just knowledge but life. 

You wonder, do you possess the same power in this dimension as the other? Just the thought causes slight movement, the core of the cell begins to duplicate and the gelatinous ink sac begins to bulge, something trying to escape from within. What  emerges is a replica of the cell. Eerily twin-like. Their letters mimic one another, the ink sac the same hue. Even their oscillation synced. But something is different. They have a string between them. The string of a similar material as the letters: Only a mirage yet visibly something otherworldly taken form and represented through the physical. For some reason you can't explain, you can just tell they're equal. 

Your curiosity gets the better of you and you wonder if you can somehow modify the letters like you were once able to. Before you can even finish that thought all that you see is transformed back into what you once was. The darkness fades to that familiar blue-white. Runes enter from the edges of your vision, occupying the space but leaving enough room for the words right in front of you. Their ethereal glowing and pulsing appearance has returned. Despite appearing the same, they seem to be treated as two seperate representations of knowledge. You change one. The letters whiz and zoom to match your every whim. You're left with a new word but the line between them hasn't changed, still indicating a level of equality amongst the two. Frustrated, you try again. Changing one piece of information to be unrecognizable. But still the two hold the same relationship. To no avail you try changing their relationship. You begin to realize you can only transform and create knowledge here. To bend the relationships amongst the two packages of knowledge, you must revisit their physical manifestations. 

You do just that but even there you can't seem to modify their relationship. In your failure you've become quite comfortable with modifying them otherwise. You're able to move them around as you please, and stretch and squash them. Everything but change the relationship. You think back to their split and the 2nd cell's creation, especially the manner in which you created them. You created them to be split, each sharing the same matter. Despite being different knowledge-wise, their material forms are identical. You realize the relationships between the knowledge can only be declared in the physical realm and that too only at their moment of birth. What becomes cannot be modified. Wondering, you toy with the idea of destroying one of the cells. Instantly, the cell meets your demand. It flattens itself in a split second leaving behind only a small shadow of light, looking like the smear left behind after a lousy attempt at clearing a chalkboard. 

Peering into the other dimension, you see the knowledge still exist, now missing the cursed line that connected it to the other. You bring the knowledge forth, forcing it to manifest once again, this time independent of others. It brilliantly materializes, the letters envoloped in the ink sac. It now floats beside the other, no connection betwixt them. You then seek a child of the cell you just created. In moments the cell swells and gives birth to another, not entirely dissimilar from the splitting process you'd seen earlier. 

Once again, you switch views. Now you replace the knowledge that took form as the child with the very first piece of knowledge you had formed. It now takes on two physical forms, both driven by the same soul. As you return to the physical you see the new letters appear in the child cell and a line similar to the one between the child and the parent forms between the original cell and parent. 


This is my attempt at bridging the gap between software and game and bringing art and storytelling into functional software. Building functional form. 
