Boring stuff again with the technicals. After replacing all the matrixes I had implimented before, I was able to finish up the rendering before I begin the large next step which is the implimentation of relationships, after which is the rendering of this as well as a robust package selection system. 

I intend to clean up my code before this and also fix up the rendering system. Currently I have an array for all the packages that need to be rendered and a renderer function prints all of this in whatever location they're supposed to be in (based on the world position vs camera position (user can pan and zoom)) every frame. This is fine for only 15 to 20 packages of only a sentence or less. However, for larger more paragraph sized packages, it becomes quite slow. I'm going to make a slight change that only prints everything again if a new package was added or the user panned/zoomed. It seems like an obvious implimentation, but in all honesty I didn't stress test the rendering till today, so I didn't realize. 


representational good visuals. a lot of graphic design is built off of non representational like good colors good fonts but thats a base laayer such a low thing.  A think having more wacky interesting representaitonal elements ON TOP of interesting graphic design. have examples of interesting graphic deisng check pinterest cool stuff and then representation stuff like maybe pipes asethtic everywhere ykwim like make it just wacky. Interesting to have a company like this that forces yo uinto a look like apple does but its an esoteric look but they have variations of the program that work different ways and also look vastly different since they dont want homogenity.

