### Boring Technicals 

- I haven't gotten too much time to work on the app however I was able to impliment a lot of the relationship stuff in the backend. I'll explain what I did and what is left. 
- So the majority of the implimentation friction came from having to create a robust ID system (ID Pool, collection on death, etc). The reason for this is because I want to track the relationships one package has with another. At runtime, pointers work fine but I need something to persist on the disk as well. That's why I have to create the ID system.
- I'm still debating on the best way to work with these IDs at runtime. But, currently, I have implimented it so the array that contains all the loaded packages is sorted by ID and so it would be a simple binary search to lookkup a package by ID. If you want to lookup a package by world coordinates, I use the hashmap I implimented days ago, of course. Now, if the package I looked up by ID does not exist in the loaded packages, it will have to search the disk.
  - This is something I'm still thinking about how to impliment. I learned a bit about B+Trees and am considering using SQLite but I might just write all the stuff myself for the sake of practice. 
- Before I do that, however, I need to impliment a selection system that allows you to choose packages and set relationships with others. Here, I will also impliment moving and editing packages. Moving shouldn't be quite difficult, the hardest part will be adjusting the hashmap. Here, I'll only update the index after the move is complete whereas the actual package's location will be updated every frame of the move. Editing shouldn't be too difficult, I already have a lot of similar implimentation. 
- After that it's onto various other frontend things, with the only huge backend thing being the data querying system and the assembly of relationships. 

### Architecture Change

- So previously, I was super excited about this whole visualization of the relationships. If you recall from my previous devlogs, the left side of the screen would be the workspace. Here you would have all the recursive stuff with a package and its child and its child and its child being displayed. Now, the issue with this is it quickly becomes very bloated. The idea is we want these emergent relationships to develop but here they would have just added clutter. You'd be writing in a package and you'd see tons of other things that you don't currently care for. On top of that, having the recursive visuals would be a bit of a nightmare to impliment in a way that does not slow down performance. 

*So what is my new solution?*

- Really the same as before. I have one side be the workspace and the other be the data. But now, this is truly what it is. When you open the left side it is essentially a scratchpad, you write a new package. If it already exists its automatically populated. You don't see all of its children within it this time though. You then insantiate whatever information you want into a package. And you keep writing. The idea is all that is displayed by default is all that you've written in that session. This allows the user to purely focus on the addition and arragenment of new information. 
  - Notice how I said by default? Same principle as the automatic population, if you write a package and that already exists it will just populate. This works to also allow you to display whatever children you want actually displayed at that time. 
  - But you may be asking two questions? How do I know what children are in that package? And I wanted to know of the relationships so that it can influence that which I write, why should those be removed? 
- Well let me answer both. In the previous version, the workspace and the data were redundant, both were commited to dipslaying the relationships. But here, we stil have the data view but we have truly condensed the workspace view to being just that, a workspace. That is where you create new packages and arrange them. There is still a data side, though. That is where all the relationships will be displayed and that's where you can query for certain things to further hone what is displayed on that side. The spatial location of the packages respective to their paprent or children or whatever is only relevant to the workspace side. Data view dosen't even use that. 
- I hope my explanations make sense. This change is definately for the better. It makes the program much easier to write, use, and get output with. 

### Distros and Flavors

- I've always been very interested in giving the user choice and allowing them to choose what best suits their needs, because after all, to get the highest output out of something, ideally you must control it in its entirety. 
- This is something that Apple as a company I believe fails in. By lowering the skill floor so much, they also make it much harder to do other stuff with it whether it be in terms of hardware or software. These qualities allow it to be used by lots of different people for lots of different purposes. 
- The Linux OS philosophy is almosst the opposite of this (I'm mainly talking about Arch here). It gives you utmost control without any abstraction or gaurdrails and allows you to shoot yourself in the foot. This forces only a few types of people to use it.
- So the question becomes how to allow for a low skill floor and a high skill ceiling whilst also catering to a large number of people? Well my solution from this comes mainly from emergent design. Not only can we get a low skill floor (because of the idealogy of simple fundamental building blocks) and a moderately high skill ceiling but we can also orient the direction of this scale. What do I mean? Maybe the software I'm writing would be amazingly powerful for a specific type of user that has a specific type of use-case. Well, we want a variety of people to use it. 
- So in emergent complexity there is 2 concepts: the building block and the rules. These are quite self explanatory. Now to change the "direction" of the program all we have to do is slightly change the building block and this, with the same rules, will allow for an incredibly high skill ceiling (possibility of combination) in a different direction. 
- So lets say we want to have the software appeal to researchers collecting data and such. We change the building blocks ever so slightly. The idea is that we never should have to change the rules. That would indicate we are creating something new entirely. Lets say we want to cater to writers. Then, we structure the building blocks around prose. 
- Because of the design framework we have built, we have the ability to not only have incredible input and output in one direction, but in many directions. This is what I like to call having flavors of the program.
- Something I've always loved is researching stuff and finding whats right for me. I love looking at different options and trying to pick the perfect one for me. I think part of that stems from just wanting to get the most output out of something. So, for the sake of the user, we must also provide different flavors of the program, same rules, slightly different building blocks, to allow them to get the highest output in the direction that they most closely align with. 
